Update start.md (#1134)
Polymer/lit-element: docs/_guide/start.md

<div class="alert alert-info">

> **Alternative starting point.** As an alternative to the official LitElement starter projects, the open-wc project has a [project generator](https://open-wc.org/guides/) for both web components using LitElement. The open-wc script asks a series of questions and scaffolds out a project for you. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Alternative starting point.** As an alternative to the official LitElement starter projects, the open-wc project has a [project generator](https://open-wc.org/docs/development/generator/) for web components using LitElement. The open-wc script asks a series of questions and scaffolds out a project for you. 
```
